c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\bryan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Twilio.Api.dll
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Twilio.Api.pdb
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Twilio.Api.xml
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Bryan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.PrimerCambio.resources
